Add a description for the `$to` modifier (#132)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

#### **`$domain`** {#domain-modifier}

`$domain` limits the rule scope to requests made **from** the specified domains and their subdomains 

> (as indicated by the [Referer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Referer) HTTP header).

Reviewer: should it be a separate line?

Author: Line breaks are not rendered in markdown, I put them to avoid extremely long lines that go off screen in the editor :)

> (as indicated by the [Referer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Referer) HTTP header).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that brackets are needed

>
> Safari does not support the simultaneous use of allowed and disallowed domains, so rules like `||baddomain.com^$domain=example.org|~foo.example.org` will not work in AdGuard for Safari.

> > Starting with CoreLibs version 1.12, the `$domain` modifier can be alternatively spelled as `$from`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with CoreLibs v1.12, the `$domain` modifier can be alternatively named `$from`.
```

> > Starting with CoreLibs version 1.12, the `$domain` modifier can be alternatively spelled as `$from`.

Reviewer 2: such notes should have a subtitle `Compatibility with different versions of AdGuard`

#### **`$to`** {#to-modifier}

`$to` limits the rule scope to requests made **to** the specified domains and their subdomains.
To add multiple domains to one rule, use the `|`  character as a separator.

**Examples**

> * `/ads$to=evil.com|evil.org` — block any request to `evil.com` or `evil.org` (and their subdomains) with a path matching `/ads`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/ads$to=evil.com|evil.org` blocks any request to `evil.com` or `evil.org` (and their subdomains) with a path matching `/ads`.
* ```

> * `/ads$to=~not.evil.com|evil.com` — block any request to `evil.com` (and its subdomains), with a path matching `/ads`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/ads$to=~not.evil.com|evil.com` blocks any request to `evil.com` (and its subdomains) with a path matching `/ads`, except for requests to `not.evil.com` (and its subdomains).
```

>   except requests to `not.evil.com` (and its subdomains).

Reviewer: I guess this needs to be on the line above

> * `/ads$to=~good.com|~good.org` — block any request with a path matching `/ads`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/ads$to=~good.com|~good.org` blocks any request with a path matching `/ads`, except for requests to `good.com` or `good.org` (and their subdomains).
```

Reviewer 2: are the brackets around "subdomains" really needed? seems like readability is not worse without them

  except requests to `good.com` or `good.org` (and their subdomains).

> > `$to` is availabe starting with CoreLibs version **1.12**.

Reviewer 2: the same AdGuard version compatibility subtitle here

> > [`$denyallow`](#denyallow-modifier) can be expressed with inverted `$to`:

Reviewer 2: for such one `Compatibility with other modifiers` is needed
and it should be placed before AdGuard version compatibility note
